legacy vacation resorts Indians yours is
a little piece of paradise that will
sweep you into vacation mode from the
moment you arrive located on Florida's
west coast the resort offers views of
the Intracoastal Waterway and is just a
short walk from miles of soft sandy
beaches along the Gulf of Mexico for
those who love the sand and see the
picture-perfect Beach vacation starts at
legacy vacation resorts in the in Shores
within walking distance vacationers find
beach activities for all ages dining
that ranges from five-star to family
stop boating and fishing excursions for
the adventurous at heart local venues
for shopping and much more it's also
only a short try from the resort to
explore the Tampa Bay area including
Clearwater Beach and the attractions of
pier 60 Fort DeSoto Beach named one of
the top beaches in the United States
Camp John's Pass village and boardwalk
for dining shopping dolphin watching and
parasailing
as a boutique style resort legacy
vacation resorts Indian shores provides
personal service that is unique to each
guests legacy families enjoy spending
time in the resorts refreshing swimming
pool at the family-friendly activity
center and relaxing on the resort's deck
or fishing on legacies private pier on
the Intracoastal Waterway when it's time
to rest
legacy vacation resorts Indian shores
accommodations are just right for
families the resort offers spacious and
comfortable suites complete with full or
partial kitchens dining and living areas
and private bedrooms and bathrooms
guests also enjoy complimentary Wi-Fi
from the comforts of their vacation
suite legacy vacation resorts Indian
Shore says everything you need for a
great vacation in sunny Florida visit
legacy vacation resorts calm to book
your next great vacation and build a
legacy of cherished vacation memories
with your family